README.md, before:

# Weather App

A modern weather application built with React, TypeScript, and Vite. Features a beautiful UI with animations and real-time weather data.

## Features

- Real-time weather data from WeatherAPI.com
- Beautiful UI with animations using Framer Motion
- Dynamic background gradients based on temperature
- City search with autocomplete
- Popular cities suggestions
- Responsive design with glass-morphism effects

## Technologies Used

- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- HeroUI Components
- WeatherAPI.com

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repository-url]
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your WeatherAPI.com API key:
```env
VITE_WEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

4. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

The build files will be located in the `dist` directory.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

docs: update README with deployment information

README.md, after:

# Weather App

A modern weather application built with React, TypeScript, and Vite. Features a beautiful UI with animations and real-time weather data.

## Deployment

This application is deployed using GitHub Pages. You can access it at: https://prakharsinghrathore.github.io/weathet_1/

## Features

- Real-time weather data from WeatherAPI.com
- Beautiful UI with animations using Framer Motion
- Dynamic background gradients based on temperature
- City search with autocomplete
- Popular cities suggestions
- Responsive design with glass-morphism effects

## Technologies Used

- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- HeroUI Components
- WeatherAPI.com

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repository-url]
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your WeatherAPI.com API key:
```env
VITE_WEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

4. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

The build files will be located in the `dist` directory.

## License

MIT
